# TX Hash Colored Block Image Rendering Script

## Description

This Python script generates unique colored block images based on transaction hashes and saves them in the 'generated_images' directory. Each image is created dynamically, with colors derived from a cryptographic hash function (e.g., SHA-256) to generate a unique hash or binary representation of specific hash transaction id's. The generated images are saved in the PNG format, with the encoded additional information added through steganography.

*The script generates colors based on the first 6 characters of the hexadecimal representation of the SHA-256 hash of the transaction hash. Hexadecimal characters can have 16 different values (0-9 and A-F), so each character in the 6-character string can have 16 possibilities.

Therefore, the total number of possible color combinations is 16^6, which is equal to 16,777,216. This means there are 16,777,216 potential colors that can be generated by the script. In practical terms, this results in a large number of potential colors, allowing for a visually diverse range of blocks. The specific number of distinct colors depends on the uniqueness of the transaction hashes used. However, with the characteristics of the SHA-256 algorithm, the likelihood of color collisions is extremely low for different transaction hashes.
*

## Usage

Ensure you have Python installed on your system.
Clone the repository or download the script.

## Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/GreatApe42069/Doginals_Hash_Canvas_Creator.git
cd DoginalsHashCanvasCreator


## Prerequisites

Python (https://www.python.org/)

Pillow (PIL) library

Stegano


## Dependencies

Install the required dependencies using the following command:

`pip install pillow`

## Dependencies:
Ensure you have the following dependencies installed:

- [Python](https://www.python.org/) (version 3.6 or higher)
- [PIL](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/) (Python Imaging Library)
- [stegano](https://github.com/ouanixi/stegano) (Steganography library)

Install the required pillow dependencies using the following command:

`pip install pillow`

You can install the stegano required Python packages using the following commands:

`pip install pillow stegano`

or

`pip install stegano==0.9.8`


or

`pip install --upgrade stegano`


if you get an error open the administrator command prompt, you now will run these installation commands:


`python -m pip install --upgrade pip
pip install --force-reinstall stegano`


If you encounter any further permission issues, you can try adding the --user option to the pip install command. For example:

`pip install --force-reinstall --user stegano`


## Run the Script:

Run the script by executing the following command in the terminal:

`python auto_doginals_hash_canvas_creator.py

The script will create a unique image based on the (transaction_ids.json) provided transaction hash and save it in the 'generated_images' directory.

*The path to the generated image will be displayed in the terminal.*

## Implementation

The script is implemented in Python and uses the following libraries:

Pillow (PIL): Used for image creation and manipulation.

hashlib: Used to generate a unique color based on the SHA-256 hash of the transaction hash.

os: Used to create the 'generated_images' directory if it does not exist.

### Notes:

Commands:

File Path:

`cd C:\DoginalsHashCanvasCreator`

-Run Script:

`python auto_doginals_hash_canvas_creator.py`

Decoder: 

-Run this scipt `Hidden_Extractor.py` , and it will reveal and print the hidden transaction ID and Hidden Message:

`cd C:\DoginalsHashCanvasCreator
python Hidden_Extractor.py`


-when asked for file path provide YOUR filepath you saved your inscribed image at:

Example:

C:\DoginalsHashCanvasCreator\generated_images\Noderunner00006.png

## License
This script is licensed under the MIT License.

Feel free to modify and adapt the script to suit your needs.